In this section,
we will journey from the term analysis to the role
of technical business analyst.
Let's define analysis.
Analysis is the process of breaking a complex topic or substance into
smaller parts in order to gain a better understanding of it.
Pretty straightforward, but complexities can vary.
Doing the analysis on which widescreen TV will be wildly
different than the analysis to define a new jetliner.
There are likely as many definitions of business analysis as there are analysts,
but here is a basic definition: Business analysis is the practice
of enabling change in an organizational context,
a business,
by defining needs and recommending solutions that deliver value to stakeholders.
Here's another cut: Business analysis is the business process
of assessing an organization's structure,
processes, technology,
and capabilities to identify and define solutions that meet a company's goals.
Okay, I think you get the idea.
Now let's check out the definition of a business analyst.
Let's take a basic attempt at the definition of a business analyst.
A business analyst is a liaison, or a link among stakeholders,
in order to understand the structure, policies,
and operations of an organization and to recommend solutions that
enable the organization to achieve its goals.
Now this seems pretty good and lines up with our definition of a business analysis as well.